In their 2015 article, *Public health policies to encourage healthy eating habits: recent perspectives*, Mary Gorski and Christina Roberta detail recent policy interventions that have been implemented or suggested for combatting epidemics of obesity. They detail three types of vulnerabilities and six types of interventions for encouraging healthy eating. 

The three vulnerabilities are: 
1. Biological vulnerabilities - humans are made to like sugary, sweet, high glycemic index, sodium-rich, and fatty foods from a biological perspective. There is evidence that addictive feedback loops encourage people to seek more of the kinds of food that they are eating. "In particular, children are biologically vulnerable to developing preferences for highly processed foods because they have a stronger preference for sweet foods than adults" (Gorski & Roberta 2015). These biological feedback loops make it hard to lose weight and maintain weight loss. 
2. Psychological vulnerabilities - food companies have maligned incentives to maximize profits over public health. They create and promote foods that take advantage of biological vulnerabilities. There are teams of scientists working to make you eat worse. This includes large portion sizes, highly visible sugary drinks, and child-targeted marketing to shape preferences early on. 
3. Social and economic vulnerabilities - highly processed foods are relatively inexpensive compared to healthier options and are faster to prepare. Convenience and cost provide economic incentives to ruin your health. Furthermore, "research on low-income populations in the US has found that black and Latino Americans are often disproportionately the targets of aggressive marketing techniques by the food industry" (Gorski & Roberta 2015). 

There are many different types of policies designed to address these vulnerabilites. From strongest to weakest they are: 
1. Mandates - the most restrictive policy tool designed to require by law a change or restriction in action. Example: NYC 2006 health ordinace prevented restaurants from cooking with trans fats. 
2. Restrictions - these policies don't restrict access for everyone, but only change requirments in public spaces like hosptials, schools, prisons, and governmental departments. Schools are a major point of discussion here due to children's vulnerabilties to developing life-long unhealthy eating habits. 
3. Economic Incentives - Taxes and subsidies to encourage behavior. Research shows small changes due almost nothing (is demand for highly processed foods inelastic?). Further research is needed to understand substition effects, compensatory eating, and longer-term changes in behavior. 
4. Marketing Limits - limits marketing to children, or in general the types of marketing available. 
5. Information Provision - improving labels available to people to better understand the food they are eating. Current evidence shows that caloic labeling promotes lower calorie food choices for some consumers, some of the time, at some restuarants. Lots of worldwide efforts to encourage consumers to buy better, but also for companies to devleop healthier food for marketing purposes. 
6. Environmental Defaults - based on nudge theory. Example: fast-food restuarants changing their default drink to milk. Shown minimal effects on actually changing behavior.

Since my focus is particularly in United States, it's worth taking a quick tour of [[Food Policy in the US]]. [[SNAP]] or food stamps are an attempt to alleviate disparties in food demanded through the use of subsidies. If nutrition is mainly a demand problem then lowering the cost of healthy food (or raising the price of unhealthy food) will lead to an increase in nutrition and a long-term decrease in adverse impacts. 